README.md, before:

# Recipe Search App

A modern recipe search app built with **Next.js**, **TypeScript**, and the **Edamam Recipe API**. Search for recipes, view nutrition info, and save your favorites.

![screenshot](public/screenshot.png)

---

## 🚀 Features

- Live recipe search using Edamam API
- Add/remove favorites (stored in localStorage)
- Quick meal badges (🚀 for 15 min or less!)
- Unit tests with Jest + React Testing Library
- Built with Next.js App Router + TypeScript + Tailwind CSS

---

## Tech Stack

- **Framework:** [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/)
- **Styling:** [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/)
- **RTK Query:** [RTK Query](https://redux-toolkit.js.org/rtk-query/overview)
- **Redux ToolKit:** [Redux ToolKit](https://redux-toolkit.js.org/)
- **Testing:** [Jest](https://jestjs.io/) + [Testing Library](https://testing-library.com/)
- **Express:** [Express](https://expressjs.com/)
- **NodeJS:** [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en)
- **Material UI:** [Material UI](https://mui.com/material-ui/)

---

## Getting Started

### 1. Clone the repo

```bash
git clone https://github.com/YOUR_USERNAME/recipe-search-app.git
cd recipe-search-app
```

### 2. Install Dependencies

npm install

### 3. Run the App

npm run dev

### 4. Have fun!

Commit message:

updated readme with gif of demo

README.md, after:

# Recipe Search App

A modern recipe search app built with **ReactJs**, **Next.js**, **TypeScript**, and the **NodeJS**. Search for recipes, view nutrition info, and save your favorites.

Watch the demo of my app in action:

![Recipe Finder Demo](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cmhfl92/recipe-search-app/main/public/assets/recipe-app-gif.gif)

---

## 🚀 Features

- Live recipe search using Edamam API
- Add/remove favorites (stored in localStorage)
- Quick meal badges (🚀 for 15 min or less!)
- Unit tests with Jest + React Testing Library
- Built with Next.js App Router + TypeScript + Tailwind CSS

---

## Tech Stack

- **Framework:** [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/)
- **Styling:** [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/)
- **RTK Query:** [RTK Query](https://redux-toolkit.js.org/rtk-query/overview)
- **Redux ToolKit:** [Redux ToolKit](https://redux-toolkit.js.org/)
- **Testing:** [Jest](https://jestjs.io/) + [Testing Library](https://testing-library.com/)
- **Express:** [Express](https://expressjs.com/)
- **NodeJS:** [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en)
- **Material UI:** [Material UI](https://mui.com/material-ui/)

---

## Getting Started

### 1. Clone the repo

```bash
git clone https://github.com/YOUR_USERNAME/recipe-search-app.git
cd recipe-search-app
```

### 2. Install Dependencies

npm install

### 3. Run the App

npm run dev

### 4. Have fun!
